yo what's up guys Luke here today i'll
be releasing my modded comment back up
pack this is going to contain at the
moment only 14 comments that's quite a
bit it takes quite a while to release or
make backups i'll be releasing more and
more just suggest comments that i should
make in the description before i say
anything yes these backups are going to
clear everything off your PlayStation ok
there's no avoiding it it's a backup
you're restoring your ps3 with this
modded back up so don't I don't want to
see any comments saying oh my god it
deleted everything off my ps3 it's
fucking annoying i'll put up a whole
bunch of comments of my last tutorial on
how to get him out it back up like five
months ago of every dipshit he said what
the fuck fuck you had deleted everything
off my ps3 this deletes game dad delete
dlc it deletes it clears your ps3 i know
how else to say it it doesn't clear
anything from your playstation store
like your downloads or anything that
that is held on lined out on your ps3 so
you don't have to worry about that so
you can just redownload it or whatever
and i'm not forcing you to do this so
don't say why would I ever do this this
is stupid people do it it's it's it's
cool so and also to the cfw martyrs who
don't support backups or whatever fuck
off I don't want you hating on my video
this is a USB morning channel gonna post
USB mods obviously I support USB morning
CFE whatever I was a USB monitor once
the only reason I didn't have a
jailbreak was because I didn't have the
money and I'm sure that's the case for a
lot of people so anyways just plug into
your USB rupiahs there your to your pc
download one of the comments in the
description they're not going to be all
at once you can download them separately
if they were all at once it'd be like 20
gigabytes but all the comments rabote
86 megabytes so that's not bad download
every one you want like the preview the
video said it said kate upton right
under my name that's what they're all
going to say but just different text
they're all going to be right under your
name so just download one of them drag
the ps3 folder onto the root of your USB
and wait for it to download and as I was
saying you guys can suggest the comments
you can suggest more of them i'll be
adding more and more as it goes i won't
i won't make new videos of the more
comments i'll just add them to the
description update the title of 14
comments 15 comments 16 comments you
know whatever so hopefully i get up to
like 50 comments or a pretty sweet but
once you've done that just unplug your
USB from your pc and head on over to
your ps3 okay so now just boot up your
ps3 and i'm just going to show you guys
before i do this but I don't have any
sort of modded comment beforehand or
anything
I'm sorry if my mics being glitchy I
listen to this beforehand and I was
doing it a couple times and it was like
glitching out but as you can see I don't
have the more common or anything don't
spam my PSN please once ma'am I yet i
just turned out of vacations off so but
anyways just make sure you log out it'll
freeze your ps3 during for adding half
the time and I'm just going to show you
guys that I am on the latest firmware
4.4 t6 and I'm blocking out my mac
address by the way so go to backup
utility and then restore if you want you
can backup your ps3 beforehand when
doing this if you don't want to lose all
your DLC and stuff just back it up
stored on your pc and then redo the
steps at the beginning cuz your USB
shoes 2013 press ok and then yes and
then it should format really quick and
then it'll go into like system recovery
mode or whatever I don't know if it's
actually called that it's what I said
then it'll show sparkles
does that watermark a spy my name is
backs by the way so check them out is
like we'll probably be in the
description but it'll reformat and stuff
then just press ok to reboot
and then PlayStation 3 then the last key
the database needs to be rebuilt press
ok
and just reboot
and then the stupid warning message will
come up don't be gaming too much kids
all right and then just um for me it
saved all my settings but for you it
might not so there you go to sign in
open guys there you go Kate Upton it's
pretty much the vid guys hope you guys
enjoyed I'll be as like the pack don't
forget to suggest me more comments so i
can make you guys some more not doing
any YouTube one so yeah that's pretty
much the vid hope you guys enjoyed drop
a like if you did I appreciate it and
I'm outpaced
I'm boy that boy boy boy hey is that
really why boy